Welcome to the Agent Development Kit Hackathon with Google Cloud. Everyone's talking about AI agents, but the real magic happens when they collaborate to tackle complex tasks - think complex processes, data analysis, content creation, and customer support. In this hackathon, you'll build autonomous multi-agent AI systems using Google Cloud and the open source Agent Development Kit (ADK). 

This is your chance to dive deep into cutting-edge AI, showcase your skills, and contribute to the future of agent development.


Requirements
What to Build
Your project must be built using Agent Development Kit and you must focus on the design and orchestration of interactions between multiple agents using ADK (Python or Java version). Build your solutions within one of the following categories:

Automation of Complex Processes: Design multi-agent workflows to automate complex, multi-step business processes, software development lifecycle, or manage intricate tasks.
Data Analysis and Insights: Create multi-agent systems that autonomously analyze data from various sources, derive meaningful insights using tools like BigQuery, and collaboratively present findings.
Customer Service and Engagement: Develop intelligent virtual assistants or support agents built with ADK as multi-agent systems to handle complex customer inquiries, provide personalized support, and proactively engage with customers.
Content Creation and Generation: Build multi-agent systems that can autonomously generate different forms of content, such as marketing materials, reports, or code, by orchestrating agents with specialized content generation capabilities.
Your project must be built using Agent Development Kit and you must focus on the design and orchestration of interactions between multiple agents using ADK. While ADK is foundational, you are allowed and encouraged to enhance your solutions by integrating with other relevant technologies and frameworks within the Google Cloud ecosystem.

The project must be capable of being successfully installed and must function as depicted in the video and/or expressed in the text description.

 

What to Submit
Include a URL to the hosted Project for judging and testing.
Include a text description that includes a summary of the Project’s features and functionality, technologies used, information about any other data sources used, and your findings and learnings as you worked through the project. Written parts of entries must be in English to be eligible.  The Submission must, at a minimum, support English language use.
Include a URL to your public code repository to show how your project was built. The code repository must be public to allow access for judging and testing. By submitting this code, you confirm you have the authority and right to share the code for the purposes described in this Contest.
Include an Architecture Diagram showing which technologies were used and how they interact with one another.
Include a demonstration video of your Project. The video portion of the submission must meet the following criteria:
Should include footage that shows the Project functioning on the platform(s) for which it was built.
No parts of the submission can be derogatory, offensive, threatening, defamatory, disparaging, libelous or contain any content that is inappropriate, indecent, sexual, profane, indecent, tortuous, slanderous, discriminatory in any way, or that promotes hatred or harm against any group or person, or otherwise does not comply with the theme and spirit of the Contest.
No part of that submission contains content, material or any element that is unlawful, or otherwise in violation of or contrary to all applicable federal, state, or local laws and regulations in any country,  state or applicable territory where you created the video and in the United States.
The Submission must not contain any content, material or element that displays any third party advertising, slogan, logo, trademark or otherwise indicates a sponsorship or endorsement by a third party, commercial entity or that is not within the spirit of the Contest, as determined by Sponsor, in its sole discretion.  
The Submission must be an original, unpublished work that does not contain, incorporate or otherwise use any content, material or element that is owned by a third party or entity.
It cannot contain any content, element, or material that violates a third party’s publicity, privacy or intellectual property rights.
It should not be longer than 3 minutes.  If it is longer than 3 minutes, only the first 3 minutes will be evaluated.
It must conform to the technical requirements set forth on the Contest site, including that the Submission must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube or Vimeo, and a link to the video must be provided on the Submission form on the Contest Site.
It must be in English or include English subtitles. 
 

## RULES
 

Start learning about AI agents on Google Cloud


Agent Development Kit Hackathon with Google Cloud Contest Official Rules 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. CONTEST IS OPEN TO EVERYONE EXCEPT FOR RESIDENTS OF ITALY, QUEBEC, CRIMEA, CUBA, IRAN, SYRIA, NORTH KOREA, SUDAN, BELARUS, RUSSIA, AND OR AS LISTED AS INELIGIBLE IN THE ELIGIBILITY SECTION BELOW. 

ENTRY IN THIS CONTEST CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES.

The Agent Development Kit Hackathon with Google Cloud (the “Contest”) is a skill contest where Google will share specific challenges set forth in these Rules as well as in the Devpost page for this Contest, and participants must develop solutions to one of the challenges.  The solution that you develop and submit will be evaluated by judges, who will choose the winner(s) in accordance with these Official Rules.  The prize(s) will be awarded to the participant(s) with the highest score for the judging criteria.  See below for the complete details.

 
1. BINDING AGREEMENT:
In order to enter the Contest, you must agree to these Official Rules (“Rules”). Therefore, please read these Rules prior to entry to ensure you understand and agree. You agree that submission of an entry in the Contest constitutes agreement to these Rules. You may not submit an entry to the Contest and are not eligible to receive the prizes described in these Rules unless you agree to these Rules. These Rules form a binding legal agreement between you and Google with respect to the Contest.

 

2. SPONSOR:
The Contest is sponsored by Google LLC (“Google” or “Sponsor”), a Delaware corporation located at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA, 94043, USA. The Contest will be administered by Devpost, Inc. (“Devpost” or “Administrator”) located at 222 Broadway, Floor 19, New York, NY 10038.

 

3. ELIGIBILITY:
UPDATED 5/22/25 TO ALLOW BRAZIL.

To be eligible to enter the Contest, you must: (1) be above the age of majority in the country, state, province or jurisdiction of residence (or at least twenty years old in Taiwan) at the time of entry; (2) not be a resident of Italy, Quebec, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Sudan, Belarus, Russia and any other country designated by the United States Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control; (3) not be a person or entity under U.S. export controls or sanctions; and (4) have access to the Internet as of May 12, 2025. Contest is void in Italy, Quebec, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Sudan and where prohibited by law.  Employees, interns, contractors, and official office-holders of Google, Devpost, or any organizations involved with the design, production, paid promotion, execution, or distribution of the Contest, and their parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, advertising and promotion agencies, representatives, and agents or their immediate family or members of their household (“Contest Entities”), and members of the Contest Entities’ and their immediate families (parents, siblings, children, spouses, and life partners of each, regardless of where they live) and members of the households (whether related or not) of such employees, officers and directors are ineligible to participate in this Contest. Sponsor reserves the right to verify eligibility and to adjudicate on any dispute at any time. Persons who are (1) residents of US embargoed countries, (2) ordinarily resident in US embargoed countries, or (3) otherwise prohibited by applicable export controls and sanctions programs may not participate in this contest. In addition, individuals or organizations that are employed by a government agency, or any other individual or organization whose participation in the Contest would create, in the sole discretion of the Sponsor and/or Administrator, a real or apparent conflict of interest are ineligible to participate in this Contest. 

If you are entering as part of a company or on behalf of your employer, these rules are binding on you, individually, and/or your employer.  If you are acting within the scope of your employment, as an employee, contractor, or agent of another party, you warrant that such party has full knowledge of your actions and has consented thereto, including your potential receipt of a prize.  You further warrant that your actions do not violate your employer’s or company’s policies and procedures.  

 

4. CONTEST PERIOD:
The Contest begins at 9:00 A.M. Pacific Time (PT) Zone in the United States on May 12, 2025 and ends at 5:00 P.M. PT on June 23, 2025 (“Contest Period”). ENTRANTS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE CORRESPONDING TIME ZONE IN THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS.

 

5. HOW TO ENTER:
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. To enter the Contest, visit the Contest website located at googlecloudmultiagents.devpost.com (“Contest Site”) during the Contest Period, find the challenges provided by Google on the Devpost site, which challenges are also set forth in these Rules and develop a solution for the challenge. To access the challenge and submit the solution, follow the steps below: 

Obtain access to the submission portal. You must have a Devpost account to register for the Contest as they will administer the Contest. If you do not have a Devpost account already, you can sign up for a  Devpost account at no cost from googlecloudmultiagents.devpost.com.

Obtain access to Google Cloud developer tools. Access to Google Cloud may be obtained by (1) signing up for a no cost trial at https://cloud.google.com/free or (2) using an existing Google Cloud account for which you may request $100 in Google Cloud credits by completing this form: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeqzYFwqW5IyHD4wipyDxMrs1Idr91Up7S4PQO1ue058oYuTg/viewform?usp=sharing. The credit should be approved within 48 business hours of completing the form. Provision of credits to you is not guaranteed and at Google’s discretion. You are responsible for any and all fees accrued from use of Google Cloud developer tools if your use of these tools in connection with this Contest exceeds the $100 credit amount. When submitting information to request a credit, your data will be processed in accordance with the Google Privacy Policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy. Use of Google Cloud Google Cloud developer tools will be subject to the license agreement applicable to the use of those services.  Entry in the Contest constitutes consent for the Sponsor and Devpost to collect and maintain an entrant’s personal information for the purpose of operating and publicizing the Contest.

Create a project in line with the Project Requirements below. Use Google Cloud service(s) to tackle a challenge using the information provided in the repository to complete a Project that fits into that requirements set forth in the  Project Requirements section below. 

Submit Your project to the Contest Site. Make sure to complete and enter all of the required fields on the “Enter a Submission” or similar worded page of the Contest Site (each a “Submission”) during the Contest Period. 

 

6. SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: 
A. CHOOSE A CHALLENGE. Develop innovative and intelligent solutions leveraging multi-agent systems built using the open-source Agent Development Kit (ADK). Your project should demonstrate how to design and orchestrate interactions between multiple autonomous agents to solve complex enterprise challenges. Build your solutions within one (1) of the following categories:

Automation of Complex Processes: Design multi-agent workflows to automate complex, multi-step business processes, software development lifecycle, or manage intricate tasks.
Data Analysis and Insights: Create multi-agent systems that autonomously analyze data from various sources, derive meaningful insights using tools like BigQuery, and collaboratively present findings.
Customer Service and Engagement: Develop intelligent virtual assistants or support agents built with ADK as multi-agent systems to handle complex customer inquiries, provide personalized support, and proactively engage with customers.
Content Creation and Generation: Build multi-agent systems that can autonomously generate different forms of content, such as marketing materials, reports, or code, by orchestrating agents with specialized content generation capabilities.
B. ESSENTIAL COMPONENTS OF SUBMISSION. The Submission must conform to the following requirements (hereinafter, “Requirements”):

Project Team: You may submit your Project as a team or on behalf of an organization. A Team must consist of only Eligible Individuals, have all team members added as members of the Project on Devpost, and is limited to a maximum of four (4) individuals. If a team or organization is entering the Submission, one individual must be appointed and authorized (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter the Submission, on the team’s behalf. By entering a Submission on behalf of a Team or Organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your Team or Organization.

Functionality: The Project must be built using Agent Development Kit. The Project must be capable of being successfully installed and run consistently on the platform for which it is intended as described below,  and must function as depicted in the video and/or expressed in the text description that you submit with the Project. 

New Projects Only: Projects must be newly created by the entrant during the Contest Period. The Project must be your original creation not a modification or extension of Your or anyone else’s existing work.

Third-Party Integrations: If a Project integrates any third-party SDK, APIs, data and/or any information belonging to a third party, Entrants must be authorized to use these third-party tools and information in accordance with any terms and conditions or licensing requirements of the tool.

What to Submit:
Select which Geographical Regions represent yourself and your team members (if applicable, or your organization (if applying as an organization). This selection will help determine which Regional Prize your Submission may be eligible for. Please note that Submissions will be associated by the region selected on the Submission form, regardless if Team members reside in various regions. The Sponsor and Administrator reserve the right to reassign a Submission from one Region to another if applicable. Regions are defined here (https://googlecloudmultiagents.devpost.com/details/regions). 

Select which (1) category your Project falls under: Automation of Complex Processes, Data Analysis and Insights, Customer Service and Engagement, Content Creation and Generation.
Include a URL to the hosted Project for judging and testing.
Include a text description that includes a summary of the Project’s features and functionality, technologies used, information about any other data sources used, and your findings and learnings as you worked through the project. Written parts of entries must be in English to be eligible.  The Submission must, at a minimum, support English language use.
Include a URL to your public code repository to show how your project was built. The code repository must be public to allow access for judging and testing. By submitting this code, you confirm you have the authority and right to share the code for the purposes described in this Contest.
Include an Architecture Diagram showing which technologies were used and how they interact with one another.
Include a demonstration video of your Project. The video portion of the submission must meet the following criteria:
Should include footage that shows the Project functioning on the platform(s) for which it was built.
No parts of the submission can be derogatory, offensive, threatening, defamatory, disparaging, libelous or contain any content that is inappropriate, indecent, sexual, profane, indecent, tortuous, slanderous, discriminatory in any way, or that promotes hatred or harm against any group or person, or otherwise does not comply with the theme and spirit of the Contest.
No part of that submission contains content, material or any element that is unlawful, or otherwise in violation of or contrary to all applicable federal, state, or local laws and regulations in any country,  state or applicable territory where you created the video and in the United States.
The Submission must not contain any content, material or element that displays any third party advertising, slogan, logo, trademark or otherwise indicates a sponsorship or endorsement by a third party, commercial entity or that is not within the spirit of the Contest, as determined by Sponsor, in its sole discretion.  
The Submission must be an original, unpublished work that does not contain, incorporate or otherwise use any content, material or element that is owned by a third party or entity.
It cannot contain any content, element, or material that violates a third party’s publicity, privacy or intellectual property rights.
It should not be longer than 3 minutes.  If it is longer than 3 minutes, only the first 3 minutes will be evaluated.
It must conform to the technical requirements set forth on the Contest site, including that the Submission must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube or Vimeo, and a link to the video must be provided on the Submission form on the Contest Site.
It must be in English or include English subtitles. 
Optional Developer Contributions. Submitting the following optional components will positively impact the score the submission receives from the Judges. See section 8. Judging for details on Developer Contributions. 

a) A published blog post, video, or podcast covering how the project was built using Agent Development Kit. This can be published to any public platform such as Youtube, medium.com, substack.com, dev.to, and others. You must include language that says you created the piece of content for the purposes of entering this hackathon. For any social media posts, include the hashtag #adkhackathon.  A maximum of 0.4 points in this category can be provided.

b) A contribution to the Agent Development Kit open source repository. Show your commits, pull requests, issues opened, and code reviews by linking to your GitHub profile or the repository's contribution history. A maximum of 0.4 points in this category can be provided.

c) The use of Google Cloud technology, including but not limited to Agent Engine, Cloud Run, and BigQuery, or Google AI models (https://ai.google/get-started/our-models/). A maximum of 0.2 points in this category can be provided.

Multiple Submissions. An individual may submit more than one Submission, however, each Submission must be unique and substantially different from each of the Entrant’s other Submissions, as determined by the Sponsor and Devpost in their sole discretion. In addition, as an individual, you may join more than one team or organization with a unique and substantially different Submission. If you are part of a team or organization you may also enter the Contest on an individual basis with unique and substantially different Submissions. If you win more than one prize, Google may allocate the prize to the relevant winning challenge in its sole discretion. 

Disqualifying Submissions. All entries must be received by 5:00 P.M. PT on June 23, 2025. Submissions received after this time will be disqualified. Entries are void if they are in whole or part illegible, incomplete, damaged, altered, counterfeit, obtained through fraud, or late. All entries will be deemed made by the authorized account holder of the email address registered with Devpost submitted at the time of entry. The potential winner may be required to show proof of being the authorized account holder for that email address. The "authorized account holder" is the natural person assigned to an email address by an Internet service provider, online service provider, or other organization responsible for assigning email address for the domain.

During the Judging Period, the Sponsor, its agents and/or the Judges (defined below) will be evaluating each Submission to ensure that it meets the Requirements.  The Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any Submission that does not meet the Requirements or to re-assign a submitted Submission from one Category to another. 

 

7. SUBMISSION MODIFICATIONS:
Prior to the end of the Contest Period, you may save draft versions of your submission on Devpost to your portfolio before submitting the Submission materials to the Contest for evaluation. Once the Contest Period has ended, you may not make any changes or alterations to your Submission, but you may continue to update the Project in your Devpost portfolio. After the Contest Period, fully at their discretion, the Sponsor and Devpost may permit you to modify part of your Submission after the Contest Period for the purpose of adding, removing or replacing material that potentially infringes a third party mark or right, discloses personally identifiable information, or is otherwise inappropriate. The modified Submission must remain substantively the same as the original Submission with the only modification being what the Sponsor and Devpost permits.

 

8. JUDGING:
Each entry will be judged by a panel of experts who are employees of Sponsor or Devpost(“Judges”).  On or about the period between June 24, 2025 through July 9, 2025, (“Judging Period”) the Submissions will be evaluated by the Judges in the following Stages.

Stage One: The first stage will determine via pass/fail whether the Submission meets a baseline level of viability, in that the Submission includes all Submission requirements, reasonably addresses a Challenge and reasonably applies the requirements.

Stage Two: All Submissions that pass Stage One will be evaluated in Stage Two by the Judges based on the following weighted criteria, and according to the sole and absolute discretion of the Judges. Each Submission will receive a score from 1 to 5 per criteria and those criteria scores will be averaged per Submission.

Technical Implementation (50%): How well is the solution technically executed? Is the code clean, efficient, and well-documented? How effectively does the project utilize the core concepts of Agent Development Kit? Did the project showcase the use of multiple AI agents working together to achieve tasks?
Innovation and Creativity (30%): How novel and original is the idea? Does it address a significant problem or create a unique solution?
Demo and Documentation (20%): Is the problem clearly defined, and is the solution effectively presented through a demo and documentation? Have they explained how they used Agent Development Kit and relevant tools? Have they included an architectural diagram?
Each Submission will receive a score from 1 to 5 (Stage Two Score), with the highest possible Stage Two Score being 5.

Stage Three: The Submissions that pass Stage One and Two will be evaluated based the following:

Bonus Developer Contributions: Did they provide complete and relevant optional Developer Contributions? See Optional Developer Contributions in Section 6.B.

If the Submission includes complete and requested optional Developer Contributions (a), a maximum of 0.4 points will be added to the Stage Two Score. If the Submission includes complete and requested optional Developer Contributions (b), a maximum of 0.4 will be added to the Stage Two Score. If the Submission includes complete and requested optional Developer Contributions (c), a maximum 0.2 will be added to the Stage Two Score. Each Submission will receive Final score from 1 to 6, with the highest possible Final score being 6.

The highest-scoring Submission for each region will be selected as the potential winner(s), The highest-scoring Submission for each region (North America, Latin America, Europe-Middle East-Africa, Asia Pacific) will be selected as the potential winner(s), and the highest-scoring Submission across all regions will win the Grand Prize. Ties will be broken by comparing scores on each criterion in the order listed, and if a tie remains, judges will vote. If a potential winner is disqualified, the Submission with the next highest score will become the potential winner.

On or about July 9, 2025, the potential winner(s) will be selected and may be notified by email, at Sponsor’s discretion for Winner Verification Requirement (as defined below). If a potential winner does not respond to the notification attempt within two days from the first notification attempt, then such potential winner will be disqualified and an alternate potential winner will be selected from among all eligible entries received based on the judging criteria described herein.  Except where prohibited by law, each potential winner may be required to sign and return a Declaration of Eligibility and Liability and Publicity Release and provide any additional information that may be required by Sponsor.  If required, potential winners must return all such required documents within two days following attempted notification or such potential winner will be deemed to have forfeited the prize and another potential winner will be selected based on the judging criteria described herein. All notification requirements, as well as other requirements within these Rules, will be strictly enforced.

“Winner Verification Requirement” means THE AWARD OF A PRIZE TO A POTENTIAL WINNER IS SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION OF THE IDENTITY, QUALIFICATIONS AND ROLE OF THE POTENTIAL WINNER IN THE CREATION OF THE SUBMISSION. No Submission or individual shall be deemed a winning Submission or winner until their post-competition prize affidavits have been completed and verified, even if prospective winners have been announced verbally or on the competition website. The final decision to designate a winner shall be made by the Sponsor and/or Administrator.

A Submission can win a maximum of one prize. In the event that no entries are received for a region, no prize will be awarded. Determinations of judges are final and binding.